**
Man: Okay, folks, if you could
take your places, please.
Today I'm thrilled to pieces,
and I'm so excited about
my contestants. Wish me luck.
Here we are,
in the coaches' area.
Mr. Horan!
Mr. Legend.
* Anticipation *
We've all got a few spots left,
and the fight is on.
Gwen:
John always is a threat.
It's like he's a magnet
to all the really good singers.
I don't know.
He has this, like, um, power.
I've only got
a few more spots to fill.
I'm excited to see
what we've got in store.
Best season ever
when it comes to talent.
A lot of chairs
are turning.
I think we've had more
four-chairs this season
than I've seen.
Niall: Yeah, I agree.
When I get into something,
I'm all-in.
I would say he's
a really sore loser, as well.
Reba: Don't you love
how he says "ba-huhls"?
"Ba-huhls."
My favorite is
"I would 'lowve'...
"Lowve."
...to coach you."
Who's talking crap
about me?!
Shh, shh!
We were...not at all
mocking your accent.
What, you mean
the sexiest accent...?
This is the best part
of the show.
Everyone gets fiery.
Everyone gets competitive.
Don't press it
too soon.
[ Laughter ]
[ Bachata music plays ]
**
Willie: I have two loves --
dancing and music.
I grew up with la bachata
from my homeland,
the Dominican Republic.
Bachata is a type of music
that I grew up listening to,
not just in my home,
but you go out to the neighbors'
or to the shop.
You hear bachata everywhere.
It's special.
My name is Willie Gomez.
I'm 37 years old.
And I'm from Miami, Florida.
When I was about 11 years old,
my family moved
from Dominican Republic to Miami
'cause my parents wanted
a better future for us.
Everything was fine, you know,
but within the first year
of us moving to Miami,
my dad, he had a stroke.
He lost speech.
He lost memory and everything.
Seven years later, he passed.
It was -- It was -- Those were
some really tough years.
I remember seeing my mom, like,
in a corner in her room crying.
I know that she was just
trying to figure out how to...
keep moving forward.
Those years definitely
shaped me, you know,
because I had to kind of,
like, become the man at home.
That's when I turned to music
and dancing and the arts.
Got the opportunity
to work as a dancer
in a Latin TV show in Miami,
and that's when
my dancing career took off.
I got to work with artists
like Britney Spears,
Jennifer Lopez,
Christina Aguilera,
and some more.
[ Laughs ]
Willie is a dancer of mine,
and not only is he
a great dancer,
but he is an amazing singer.
And I'm sending
all my kisses to you.
Mwah! Love you.
**
Let's see that.
[ Humming ]
[ Janette speaking Spanish ]
[ Chuckles ]
Ohh...
Willie: I absolutely wish that
my dad could be here with me
on this special day.
I carry my dad with me
wherever I go,
especially in big moments
like this.
Man: Ladies and gentlemen,
our next artist is entering now.
Willie:
And I know he's very proud.
"Go kill it.
I know you got this."
[ Chuckles ]
He would tell me that, for sure.
**
* Te bloqueé de Insta pero por
otra cuenta veo tus historias *
* Me hiciste daño
y así te extraño *
* Y aunque sé que un día
te voy a olvidar *
* Aún no lo hago,
es complicado *
* To' lo que hicimos
me gusta recordar *
* Ando manejando por
las calles que me besaste *
* Oyendo las canciones
que un día me dedicaste *
* Te diría que volvieras,
pero eso no se pide *
* Mejor le pido
a Dios que me cuide *
* Eramos tres
en una relación de dos *
* No te perdono, pídele perdón
a Dios, primero a Dios *
* Ohh *
* Ando manejando por las calles
que me besaste *
* Oyendo las canciones
que un día me dedicaste *
* Te diría que volvieras *
Whoo!
* Pero eso no se pide, eh *
* Ando manejando por las calles
que me besaste *
* Oyendo las canciones
que un día me dedicaste *
* Te diría que volvieras *
* Pero eso no se pide, mejor
le pido a Dios que me cuide *
Whoa!
* Hey *
* Ay Dios *
[ Cheers and applause ]
No!
Four chairs!
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
Four!
I thought
I had you!
You still have me.
John: Hey!
[ Laughter ]
I'm like...
[ Growling ]
Hey, man.
What's your name?
My name is Willie Gomez.
I'm 37 years old
from Miami, Florida.
That was so cool.
I can tell
you were up there...
Yeah.
...giving it loads,
because I would be, too,
if I could sing
like that.
I was trying
not to dance too much,
'cause I'm also a dancer.
Ah.
But I did a little bit of,
you know, bachata.
Yeah, you did.
Yeah, you did!
* Ay, no *
That was so impressive.
It was so cool. It's such
a strong, round voice.
What a performance.
It was brilliant. Really good.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Hi!
Hello.
Your voice is so beautiful
and, like, flawless.
He has so much stage presence.
You're gorgeous.
"Blake, she is
flirting his pants off."
[ Laughter ]
I literally need someone
on my team,
so I'm just trying
to flirt, like...
[ Laughter ]
I'm joking.
I just like this vibe,
the energy.
And I really think that you're
super-gifted, super-talented.
I would love
to work with you.
Your tone is, like,
really rich.
You have a really nice
baritone.
But also I liked it
when you got breathy, too.
It sounded like, "Oh,
I can hear this guy making
a record that'd be huge."
Latin music right now
is just so big.
It is pop music
in a lot of ways.
Yes!
The fact that you can dance
and you can sing
the way you can sing,
like, you can do all the things
you need to do to be a big star.
I would love
to be your coach.
I think we could have
a lot of fun together.
[ Cheers and applause ]
I know you're gonna be
shocked to hear this,
but I didn't understand
a word you said.
[ Laughter ]
She says the same thing
to me.
I do speak
two languages.
Yeah?
Good and bad
English.
[ Laughter ]
I could give you some Reba-isms
and some Okie talk.
But I thoroughly enjoyed
your performance,
your singing,
your movements.
You're just
cute as a button.
Glad to have you here.
And best of luck to you.
Thank you so much.
Thank you. Thank you.
Willie, who do you pick
as your coach?
[ Audience shouting ]
Come on.
**
He keeps looking
at you, Gwen.
Okay.
He keeps looking at you.
He's giving you eyes.
It would be an honor
to work with...
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions.
It would be an honor
to work with any one of you.
You guys are amazing,
but my heart is telling me
I should go with...
John.
* Uno, dos, tres, cuatro *
Hey!
John: Another four-chair turn
for me. Willie Gomez.
This guy's the whole package.
He's good-looking.
He can sing. He can dance.
I think we have a star here.
It looks good on you!
We're locking eyes, like,
this whole chemistry thing.
Wsht! Doesn't choose me.
Chooses John frickin' Legend.
Hopefully he'll eat
some humble pie soon.
Willie!
Gwen turned first, and
everything that she had to say,
she almost convinced me.
[ Laughs ]
But my heart told me
to go with John.
I've loved his music
for a very long time.
He's also collaborated
with Latin artists before.
He sang in Spanish.
I had to go with my gut.
iLeyenda!
[ Cheers and applause ]
He kept looking at you,
and I was like...
I thought
that was it.
I don't know what I could
have done different.
Reba: You gave it
your best shot, Gwen.
I thought he'd pick you
because he was a dancer, too.
He was really good.
Man: Ladies and gentlemen,
our next artist is entering now.
Do your best, now.
We're rooting for you, kid.
Thanks, bud.
Come on, John. Be smarter.
Yeah.
Why are you so dumb?
[ Laughter ]
**
* Waking up to kiss you,
and nobody's there *
* The smell of your perfume
still stuck in the air *
* It's hard *
* And yesterday I thought I saw
your shadow running around *
* It's funny how things never
change in this old town *
* So far *
* From the stars *
* And I want to tell you
everything *
* The words I never got to say
the first time around *
[ Laughs ]
* And I remember everything
from when we were the children *
* Playing in this fairground *
* Wish I was there
with you now *
Oh, it's beautiful.
Come on, Gwen!
* But if the whole world
was watching *
* I'd still dance with you *
* Drive highways and byways
to be there with you *
* Yeah, over and over *
* The only truth *
Right?
Congratulations.
* Everything comes back to you *
* Ohh-ohh *
* Them butterflies,
they come alive *
* When I'm next to you *
* Yeah, over and over *
* The only truth *
* Everything comes back to you *
* Everything comes back *
* To you *
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
Hi.
Great song choice.
Thank you so much.
I know that one well.
[ Laughter ]
What's your name?
My name is Olivia.
I'm 15. I'm from
Long Valley, New Jersey.
15.
Hi, Olivia.
Hi.
Welcome to "The Voice."
Thank you.
Okay.
Do I come down?
John: It'd be better
if you're back on that mark
that they have
for you.
Back here?
You got to get
your good light.
I'm sorry.
[ Laughter ]
Olivia:
Feel like weird kids grow up
to be kind of unique people.
I was a weird kid.
Cooking was something
that I took really far.
I would read cookbooks
from cover to cover.
By the time I was 7,
I could cut a carrot
12 different ways.
I wrote myself an essay on salt
and then graded it myself.
[ Ding! ]
At 10, I was on "Top Chef Jr."
I placed 7th out of 24.
But even then,
I was already more into music
than I feel like
I was into cooking.
When I was 6, I did a song
for a talent show with my dad,
and that was kind of
the start of everything.
Min: That progressed into us
doing these open mics together.
We would do art fairs together.
Sharing that passion of music
with Olivia, it feels great.
She's taken it so far beyond
anything I ever thought
or I could ever do.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Well, anyway, Olivia,
now that we're so far apart...
[ Laughter ]
Congratulations.
You have two wonderful coaches.
One of them
is possibly the favorite
since you picked
their song.
But...
Pretty obvious.
[ Laughter ]
John: I think your tone
is really beautiful.
It has, like,
this charm to it
that's gonna serve you
really well on the show.
Thank you so much.
I really love the kind
of yodel that you do.
I think that's, like,
gonna be your signature thing.
And you're gonna go far.
Congratulations.
Thank you.
There is so much maturity
to that voice.
Thank you so much.
I really want to hear
you sing country music.
I don't think you're supposed to
tell her you want her
to sing country when
you're going against Reba.
But you know
what I'm talking about.
You could hear that little twang
that she had.
Uh-huh.
You showed off so many different
parts of your voice,
like, more than I do,
and I wrote the thing.
It's a really captivating voice,
really refreshing to hear.
I'd love you to be on my team.
And thanks for picking my song.
Thank you.
Cute.
Thank you so much.
Niall: Thank you.
I was blown away
with that.
I started playing honky-tonks
and bar rooms
and dance halls, rodeos
when I was 13
and was petrified.
Your poise
is so incredible.
Thank you so much.
And I'm flabbergasted
at your vocal ease.
And you were just having
such a good time.
It was so much fun.
You made me have fun.
So I'm so glad I turned around,
and I would love
to be your coach.
Aww! Cute!
Thank you so much.
John: Oh, my gosh.
Who do you pick
as your coach?
[ Audience shouting ]
**
I'm gonna have
to go with Niall.
Yeah!
Niall: Olivia.
She chose "This Town" by me,
which I was completely
surprised by.
I haven't had that yet.
Thank you
for picking my song.
Of course.
That voice is so cool.
Sometimes you can be hard on
people who sing your song
because you know it inside out,
but knowing how creative
Olivia is,
based on hearing my own song,
it makes me excited
to work with her
because you've got so much depth
in song choice with her.
She's gonna be a real
dark horse in this competition.
So impressive.
Thank you so much.
I'm so happy that you
get to be on our team.
Olivia was cute as a button.
There you go.
How do they do it
at 15 years old?
I'm in awe.
Come on!
Good job!
Whoo!
And then here comes Niall
prancin' around.
Oh, my gosh. Yes.
I feel like we're getting
a few of the, like,
singers with
an Irish lilt.
Yes.
Gwen: Yes.
As soon as you heard
that little, like, "Ooh,"
you were like...
Yeah. I love that.
She did
a good version of it,
like, changed it up
completely.
It was brilliant.
[ Vocalizing ]
Daly:
With only a few spots left...
Wow!
...the competition is heating up
for the artists...
That was magical.
...and our coaches.
Niall: Well, now that I've seen
what you're wearing,
I don't think I've got
a chance against Gwen, but...
Great quality voice.
And we're both redheads.
[ Laughter ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
One of my biggest influences
is John Legend.
Oh, thank you.
I'm really pitching hard
right here.
I got John. I'm like, "Ohh!"
So frustrating.
[ Laughter ]
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly:
Welcome back to "The Voice."
**
Hey. What's up?
Gwen Stefani.
We are here.
Another day of the blinds.
I'm so excited.
Hey, everyone.
Another day at the blinds.
And this has been
an amazing season.
Both:
I'm just having the best time.
**
Hey, everybody.
It's John Legend here,
season 24, another season
of the blinds,
and we're having
an amazing season so far.
Hey, Reba.
How you doing?
Hi.
Remember to
like and subscribe.
**
I'm just gonna
stick with my Wordle.
Nice!
Love that smile.
I'm Caitlin Quisenberry.
I'm 27 years old.
And I'm from Denver, Colorado.
Music has always been
a part of my life
from the time
I was 3 years old
singing in a tiny, little
Baptist church
where my papaw was the preacher.
* My gift is your song*
And that's gonna be on the CD.
Music was the dream
when I was younger,
but I felt like I needed
something safe and stable,
and so I poured all of my effort
into my schooling,
went to Pepperdine
on an academic scholarship.
I graduated summa cum laude,
and I was accepted
into Pepperdine Law School.
I was feeling super-drained.
I was chasing the wrong things.
But then everything changed
when my grandmother got sick.
**
She was like a second mother
to me.
And on her last days,
I sang with her at her bedside.
She wasn't talking
at that point, but she smiled.
Like, the joy I saw in her eyes,
it reminded me of...
how powerful music is.
**
It was that push I needed
to go to Nashville
and do something exciting
with my life
that she would be proud of.
I started songwriting country
music when I got to Nashville.
I've been able to release
20 songs independently.
You've never shied away
from taking on challenges.
And I'm very proud of you
for that.
Thank you.
So sweet.
I know.
Don't make me cry.
I'm gonna be singing
to my grandma today.
I think she would just be
so proud that I'm here
and not behind a desk
as a lawyer.
She would be telling me,
"You finally got it.
This is the meaning of life --
to go after your dreams
and to step into the unknown
with courage."
Gwen: I have no strategy,
and I have no plan.
I'm just going to beat
John Legend.
John: Ah!
[ Laughs ]
Alright.
**
* When it rains it pours *
* But you didn't even notice *
* It ain't rainin' anymore *
* It's hard to breathe
when all you know is *
* The struggle of
staying above *
* The rising water line *
* 'Cause the sky
has finally opened *
* The rain and wind
stopped blowin' *
* But you're stuck out
in the same old storm again *
* Hold tight to your umbrella *
* Darling, I'm just
tryin' to tell ya *
* That there's
always been a rainbow *
* Hangin' over your head *
* Oh, tie up the boat,
take off your coat *
* And take a look
ar-o-o-o-ound *
* 'Cause there's always
been a rainbow *
* Hanging over your head *
* Yeah, there's always
been a rainb-o-o-o-ow *
* Hangin' over *
* Your head *
[ Cheers and applause ]
Why didn't I turn?!
Wow!
Should've turned!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Very good.
Hello. What's your name?
Where are you from?
I'm Caitlin Quisenberry.
I'm 27 years old.
And I'm from
Denver, Colorado.
Why didn't I turn?
I should have turned.
Sitting so far behind the groove
in the opening part
just kind of put me off
a tiny little bit,
but you're in great hands
with the two ladies
left and right here.
The beginning was
just a little shaky,
but I think the back half
of the performance
was just so good,
and it all came together.
I felt like you might have
worked through whatever nerves
you were feeling.
We can see, like, what gift
you have as a vocalist.
Reba: When you started,
I heard country,
I heard
great quality voice,
just what I like
to listen to.
I do have a lot of experience
in the music industry,
and I've had wonderful
coaches in my career,
people who have guided me,
and I think I can help you out
with some of the things
that people have been
so sweet to teach me.
And we're both redheads.
We are.
Yes, they are.
So that's a plus.
I love that there's somebody
that has such raw talent
and beautiful,
beautiful tone.
You have a lot of range
in your voice.
It's just, how do you
put that all together?
You need a coach that can
help you and cheerlead for you
and bounce off of you
with ideas.
Honestly, because
I've done this for so long --
Well, so has she,
so whatever, you know?
Like, we're both like --
Either way,
you're gonna go with
a blonde or a redhead.
It's like -- I don't know.
Let's see.
Fake.
Anyways, um -- blonde.
[ Laughter ]
I didn't want you to think
'cause I'm blonde,
like, I don't know
what I'm doing.
Because it's not real.
But I have a real heart.
Okay. Long story short,
pick me to be your coach!
Come on! Let's go!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Caitlin, who do you pick
as your coach?
[ Audience shouting ]
**
[ Laughs ]
Okay.
I'm choosing
my fellow redhead.
Reba.
* Just when you think
I'm at the end *
Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
* Any second I'm-a catch
my second wind *
I'm very excited
to work with Caitlin.
Her quality's great.
Her range was great.
And then when I hit my button
and turned around,
she's a redhead.
I loved it.
Let's go this way.
I'll give you some tater tots.
Caitlin: Oh, my God.
Gwen: Reba and I have gone
head-to-head so many times.
I guess we just have, like,
really similar tastes.
I probably shouldn't
have said I was fake.
That probably didn't help me.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back.
I haven't turned a lot,
but I'm not rushing.
I'm trying to be judicious.
Gwen: Quality,
not quantity, guys.
I think all of us have got
one or two on the team...
Potential winners, yeah.
...that is, like,
a proper winner.
Yeah.
I think all of us do.
No, no, no, no.
Uh-oh.
[ Beep ]
Hey. [ Whistles ]
Hey. Come here.
Oh, no.
[ Child cries ]
Um...
[ Both laugh ]
Fatherhood is exhausting.
[ Laughs ]
It is exhausting.
I am Clayton Davis.
I'm 34, and I'm from
Chattanooga, Tennessee.
We have a son.
He's a year and a half.
His name is Sonny. He's a mess.
Never stops. Doesn't sit down.
But it's been awesome.
It's a whole nother love.
A whole nother piece
of your heart grows.
Sonny loves Dad's music,
for sure.
Sometimes we'll
put it on at home,
and he'll be dancing to
Dad's music. It's really cute.
To pay the bills,
I work as a project coordinator
in construction.
A day in the life of my job
is talking on the phone.
I drive around a lot.
If I don't have a house
to look at, usually
I'll be writing an estimate.
And then I'm gigging
probably once
every month or so with my band.
My band, Behold the Brave --
we got together -- college,
about sophomore year.
It was kind of like lightning
struck, and it worked out,
and it's kind of taken me
everywhere
I've gone in my musical career.
My band has opened for
Blues Traveler, Puddle of Mudd.
Even though I'm here by myself,
my bandmates
are super supportive.
I'm sure they want me
to succeed -- I hope.
For the blind auditions,
I'm singing "Sunday Morning"
by Maroon 5.
Man: Our next artist
is entering now.
Clayton:
The stakes are high.
This is a chance
to really prove yourself.
Can you cut it?
That's Dad.
I've been with the band
for a long time,
but this competition
has made me think
maybe I can do this on my own.
**
Ooh!
* Sunday morning,
rain is falling *
* Steal some covers,
share some skin *
* Clouds are shrouding us *
Come on, Reba.
* In moments unforgettable *
Nice voice.
* You twist to fit
the mold that I am in *
* But things just get so crazy *
* Living life gets hard to do *
* And I would gladly hit
the road and get up if I knew *
* That someday it would
lead me back to you *
Keep going.
Just keep going.
* That maybe all I need *
Come on, guys!
* In darkness,
she is all I see *
* I'm a flower in your hair *
* You can dance with me *
* On a Sunday, it's you and me *
**
Ooh!
Whoo!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Sorry.
**
Oh, wow.
Hey, there.
Hey.
What's your name?
Where are you from?
I'm Clayton Davis from
Chattanooga, Tennessee.
And I'm 34 years old.
Your voice
is really good.
And those high notes
are in the stratosphere.
It's, like,
pretty remarkable.
You know, it's challenging
singing any of Maroon 5's songs
'cause Adam's voice is
just so in everyone's head.
We know him so well.
It's hard not to be compared
to him when you're doing it.
It's just
a little more practicing,
a little more honing of it
to get it a little tighter.
Cool. Thank you.
I could have used
a little more dynamics
between maybe
the verses in the end.
Like, it kind of went from
one thing the whole time
to, like,
this other voice.
It was nice to hear
another voice.
Other than that, sometimes
it's just trying to find
the right person
for the team.
And you're a really good singer,
and you did a great job.
Thanks for coming out.
Yeah, thank you.
Niall:
Your voice is so good, man.
I also was just lacking
a little bit
of an emotional connection,
but, honestly,
you should keep going
and try and make
a reappearance here.
It'd be great
to see you again.
Thank you very much.
John: Thank you, Clayton.
Gwen: Thank you, Clayton.
Thank you. Thanks.
Thanks, Clayton.
Gwen:
Clayton felt a little linear,
but I think he should keep it up
and keep moving forward.
As the blinds go on, I'm being
a little bit more selective,
trying to hone in
on what I want on my team.
Reba: I've got one spot left
on Team Reba,
so I'm looking
for that perfect person
who touches my heart
when they sing.
Kara: Trying to make it
in the music industry,
you need jobs where you can
make your own schedule.
And, for me,
I was a rideshare driver.
* Are you pickin' up my vibe? *
I would be picking up
passengers,
and I would sing for them.
One day, Uber asked me
to be a part of a campaign.
Hi! I'm Julia.
Oh, my G--
I know who you are!
Oh, my...
Kara: Julia Michaels
gets in the back seat.
This literally turned
into a commercial
that aired during
the 60th annual Grammy Awards.
* Could you be
a new L-O-V-E? *
My name is Kara Tenae,
and I am from
Riverside, California,
currently living
in Atlanta, Georgia, baby.
Oh, wow.
Look at this wall of fame.
As far back as I can remember,
Kara Tenae has been singing.
She has a video of her singing
Whitney Houston.
Back then,
it was just very cute.
We didn't know at that time
what it would lead to.
Kara: After high school,
I started a girl group.
It was one of the best
experiences of my life.
After maybe like a year,
we decided to go
our separate ways.
After the group broke up,
it was really hard for me.
For that commercial,
I was able to get an agent,
but it was a little bit
short-lived.
Man: Kara, make your way
to the stage.
Oh!
Kara: I had to pick myself
back up and start a new chapter.
To be here is just so surreal,
knowing that those coaches
can press that button
and my life could change
forever.
[ Exhales deeply ]
It's just mind-blowing.
I know that the teams
are starting to fill up,
so when I get on that stage,
I'm gonna give it my all.
Got a good feeling
about this.
And I'm gonna tell my story
through this performance.
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly: Welcome back
to the blind auditions
at Universal Studios Hollywood.
**
* Yeah-ah-ay *
* Feelings *
* So deep in my feelings *
* No, this ain't
really like me *
* Can't control my anxiety *
* Feeling *
* Like I'm touching
the ceiling *
* When I'm with you,
I can't breathe *
* Boy, you do something
to m-e-e-e *
* Ooh *
* Now I'll never get over you *
* Until I find something new *
* That get me high like you do *
* Yeah, yeah *
* Ooh *
* Now I'll never get over you *
* Until I f-i-i-i-ind,
find something new *
* Ooh, ohh *
Hey!
[ Laughs ]
Yay!
Yeah.
* Made my heart go ba-dum *
* Boo'd up *
* Biddy-da-dum *
* It just won't stop, it goes *
* Boo'd up *
* Biddy-da-dum, boo'd up *
* And my heart go be-da-duhh,
boo'd up *
* Biddy-da-dum *
* Ohh-ohh *
[ Cheering ]
Hey!
[ Vocalizing ]
* Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah *
* It just won't stop, it goes *
**
Ow!
[ Laughs ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
**
What's your name?
Where are you from?
My name is Kara Tenae.
I'm 33 years old.
And I'm from
Riverside, California!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Well, now that I've seen
what you're wearing,
I don't think I've got a chance
against Gwen, but, um...
[ Laughter ]
That was super stuff.
That was amazing.
Thank you so much.
It started off
really subtle and nice
and then went off
on these crazy runs
just when, like,
Gwen and I turned.
Thank you.
Really nice tone.
A great song choice.
Is that the kind of stuff
that you like to do generally?
I am an R&B singer.
'90s R&B molded me.
That's what shaped me.
Yes.
And I'm a fan of all y'all.
You know?
It was so impressive to watch.
I would love to work with you.
The crowd were
right on your side.
The people are already in.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank y'all.
I was blown away. It comes
from your inner soul.
I could see you coming down
in your diaphragm,
and it just coming out
past your heart.
And it touched me so deeply.
Your vocal range
is incredible.
I would love
to work with you.
Maybe I could teach you
a few things.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Thank you, Reba.
Oh, my gosh.
Cali girls!
[ Squeals ]
[ Laughter ]
Gwen:
That was so beautiful.
I think that I'm good
at helping people
find the actual emotion
of the song,
but also showcase
their talent.
You have so much style.
You got swag.
You got personality.
Thank you.
You got stage presence.
You have it all.
If you want to work with me,
you have another girl.
We can bounce off each other
and, like,
get to the next level.
I would love to work with you.
I don't have anybody on my team
like you.
And -- pick me!
[ Laughs ]
John: Since I'm
the odd man out here,
Kara, who do you pick
as your coach?
[ Audience shouting ]
Gwen?
Gwen. She'll pick Gwen.
Let's see.
**
Gwen!
[ Squeals ]
Aah! Oh, my God!
[ Cheers and applause ]
Oh, it looks like
it already matches you!
Ohh!
You were all doubting me,
but, no, here we are. I'm back.
It feels really good
to beat Reba and Niall.
I'm super excited
to have Kara on my team.
She's a full-package deal.
She's gorgeous.
She has a beautiful voice.
She has cool style.
So happy!
California girls.
They stick together.
Yep.
She can sing. Yeah.
I feel like we match!
Gwen.
Nice to meet you guys.
Shoot, if I could do
those runs like her,
I'd put an album out.
"Reba Does the Runs."
[ Laughter ]
We grew up listening to you,
so thank you so much.
I picked Gwen because she's
going to stretch me in areas
that I probably
can't even imagine.
Look. It's yellow.
It matches me, too.
We was already meant to be.
You see? [ Laughs ]
Gwen:
My team is shaping up
to be a little bit of everything
within each genre.
Whoo!
I got my R&B girl.
And I'm ready to win.
John: Yes.
Way to go, Gwen.
Once we saw her outfit,
we knew she was Team Gwen.
She was, too. She was like,
"Oh, my God! I wanted you!"
I was like, "Yay!"
* This is "The Voice" *
Daly:
Welcome back to "The Voice."
Let's go into my classroom.
This is where all the magic
happens. I teach on the piano.
I teach my keyboard,
and I teach my voice lessons.
This is the space.
My name is Caleb Sasser.
I'm 27 years old.
And I live
in Los Angeles, California.
[ All singing scale ]
I am a middle-school
music teacher.
My students call me Mr. Caleb.
I hope they think I'm cool,
but you never know
kids these days. [ Laughs ]
[ All singing ]
What I like about
teaching younger students
is it allows me to instill
that same gift of music
that I was given
from my music teacher.
**
I grew up in
Goldsboro, North Carolina.
My mom was very strict
growing up.
We could only listen
to gospel music.
Caleb sang in the youth choir
in the church,
and then he started off doing
talent shows in the schools,
and then he sung with
the community choir.
Caleb: My gospel background
has opened doors for me.
I did a gig with Alicia Keys
at the Greek Theatre.
We sang "Fallin'" with her
on stage.
That was a lot of fun.
* I keep on fallin' *
It did make me feel like,
"Okay, you cando this."
Today I'll be singing
"Another Sad Love Song"
by Toni Braxton.
I'm not singing it exactly
how Toni would sing it.
I'm singing it
how Caleb would do it,
so I'm bringing in
some jazz, pop, R&B,
and it's all coming in together
to make this one sound.
I'm hoping for a four-chair
turnaround for Caleb.
I'm feeling kind of emotional
right now because I know
this is his dream
that he's always had.
Since day one,
he kept pushing.
Words cannot express
how I feel right now.
Just know that I'm happy for you
and I love you.
I love you, too.
I feel like this one
is for Team Legend.
Then I'm gonna fight hard.
Gwenner, winner.
Johner, goner...?
[ Laughter ]
Uh, I retire now.
Man: Our next artist
entering now.
I may be soft-spoken,
but the stage
is where I come alive.
It's where I love to be.
In the past,
I've sang in choirs.
This time it's different because
I'm doing it as a solo artist.
There's nobody there
to back me up.
It's just me and the microphone.
And I can't wait to rock it.
**
* Since you been gone *
* I've been hangin'
around here lately *
Wow. That was fast.
How about that?
* With my mind messed up *
* Jumped in my car,
tried to clear my mind *
Oh, my gosh.
* Didn't help me *
Hey.
* Now I'm all messed up now,
baby *
* A song comes on,
on the radio *
* And there you go, baby *
Yeah!
* Once again *
* Oooooh *
* Just another sad love song *
* Stuck in my brain
like crazy *
Wow.
* Gets me all choked up *
* Be it fast or slow *
* It doesn't let go *
* Or shake me *
* And it's all because of *
[ Scatting ]
* It's all because of y-o-o-ou *
* Aaah *
* Ohh, ohh-ohh *
* It's all because of *
* Y-o-o-o-o-ou *
John: [ Laughs ]
Amazing!
That was incredible.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Four chairs!
Wow!
What is your name?
Where are you from?
My name is Caleb Sasser.
I'm from Goldsboro,
North Carolina.
Wow.
Caleb!
That was magical.
I was hearing Toni,
and I was hearing a lot of
Anita Baker in your voice, too.
Are those two
of your influences?
I love Toni Braxton.
I love Anita Baker.
One of my biggest influences
is Jazmine Sullivan
and John Legend.
Oh, thank you.
[ Laughs ]
[ Cheers and applause ]
[ Sighs ]
I love that
you really love R&B.
I love
the jazz influence.
It was really musical
and really creative.
The key with artists
like you especially
is picking songs
that have great melody
and allow you to be, like,
the musician that you are.
We can have a lot of fun
doing that together.
I would absolutely love
to be your coach, Caleb.
Thank you.
You got four chairs
to turn for you,
and we all just need to tell you
how great you are, okay?
Clearly, I would love
to coach you.
I'm really good at
stage presence, personality,
getting out of your shell,
trying to get people
to know you as a person
through your voice.
And it doesn't really matter
what the style is.
I mean, I've bounced in
so many different genres.
I feel like I have
so much to offer
as far as sharing
that information with people.
So I'm really pitching hard
right here.
I got John. I'm like, "Ohh!"
So frustrating.
It's very convincing,
though, honestly.
It's good.
Is it? Oh, good. Okay.
I'm gonna keep going.
Think about doing
something different today...
with a coach that cares more
than any of the other coaches.
[ Laughter ]
The ease at which you sing
is just so beautiful,
and the most humble,
down-to-earth, smiley way
that you could possibly do it.
It was so like --
That's so true.
I was just watching you
while they were talking to you,
and I was like, "This
is the nicest person
I've ever met in my life,
and I haven't even
said hello properly yet."
I definitely, 100%
do not have a singer like you
on my team.
It would be an honor
to coach someone as unique
and authentic as you.
Thank you.
Caleb, your voice made me
feel such peace inside.
I did a duet album
many years ago,
and I promise you,
if I'd have heard your voice,
I would have begged you to
please come sing a duet with me.
I love your voice, and
I'd love to be your coach.
What's crazy is I grew up
watching you on TV.
I love you.
Did you?
Aww. Thank you so much.
Yay!
Caleb, who do you choose
as your coach?
[ Audience shouting ]
Please.
**
Who's he gonna pick?
I don't know.
Maybe Gwen. Maybe Reba.
Maybe Niall.
...Reba.
Y'all have made this
really hard. [ Laughs ]
This jacket.
**
Um, I love all of you guys.
You guys are all amazing.
I think I'm gonna
have to go with John.
Yes! Yes!
* You're special *
* In case nobody
made you believe *
Ow.
* You're special *
My man.
I'm such a fan.
Yes. Thank you so much.
I'm a fan of younow.
Caleb is a perfect addition
to Team Legend.
What a beautiful, rich
tenor voice.
He makes really musical
and tasteful choices
with the way he does runs
and the way he styles a song.
That's the kind of artist
I love to work with.
Nice to meet you.
Congratulations.
You too. Thank you.
We're so excited
to have him.
You're gonna be great.
Thank you so much.
I love your energy.
It's just like --
You're just so peaceful, man.
[ Laughs ]
I think
we're losers, guys.
Yep. I think we've just
officially lost the thing.
Yeah.
[ Cheers and applause ]
Niall: John Legend
made an amazing pitch,
and Caleb was
a big fan of John's,
and that was tough
to pitch against.
The four-chair king returns.
Yes!
John's doing incredible,
and it's so annoying.
I'm back! I'm back.
No, no, no, no, no!
If John makes a mistake,
Caleb will end up on Team Gwen.
100%.
He's particularly good.
* And it's all
because of you *
**